show you that wonderful grass that grows
16 feet tall in one season this is a run
dodo necks and it looks a lot like corn
everyone says oh my gosh that looks like
a corn plant it has wonderful real
sturdy stocks on it so it's very upright
it has blue green foliage and it will
depend on how much water you give it how
tall it gets but with plenty of water
and gets 16 feet tall with less water it
would be less tall there's also a
variegated variety that is white with
green leaves that is absolutely stunning
it grows about 8 to 10 feet tall tall
grass in the background as a panicum
it's called thundercloud it grows about
six to seven feet tall it looks a little
bit tall because it's on a raised bed
right now but it's a prairie grasses
switchgrass and it's very upright it's
just starting to turn its fall color it
will turn absolutely most beautiful
golden shade in the fall and has the
very light panicles on the top it waves
in the slightest breeze and then in
front of it is a spring blooming plant
called dis champ sia this particular one
is called brown shire it is almost like
a baby's breath in that it has the low
foliage and then the inference come up
in early spring I think about April or
so they are in bloom and that will stay
looking like this through a lot of the
winter so if you have this planet in
another perennial bed even it has the
same look as baby's breath and a bouquet
and then the one that's on the side here
is a millennia called more flame this
particular one I think is not in enough
Sun to really bloom well this one has
blooms on it here it's been one of our
best sellers this year in that it is
very vey shaped has the inflorescence
that reach about three feet tall three
and a half maybe and then it turns an
absolutely glorious butterscotch gold
for fall color the stems are almost a
Coralie sunset color with the buff
inflorescence on the
so it really is a stunning grass and
among other things or in drifts another
shot of the miscanthus this is the the
actually the stock bed for the
miscanthus but we wanted to show you how
absolutely magical it is when the Sun is
when they're back left by the Sun either
in the morning or the evening and also
how wonderful they look and the great
movement they add to the garden when
even the slightest breeze is blowing
you